I'm a Redskins fan and we are going to
win on September 9th
oh just coming out like that I love it
where are you from Dallas Texas what is
your favorite NFL team Cowboys
sup y'all I am here with Karen and
Emmanuel and what brings you here to
VidCon um basically leaders to talk
about sports are this is the biggest
sports convention so inside to come here
and unfortunately you're wearing a
horrible Jersey okay so let me start
with Cameron who is your what is your
favorite NFL team diehard Dallas Cowboy
fan there's no other teams around okay
let me ask you this how you how you feel
about that Tony Romo contract extension
I love it good that's all we have right
now so we had to extend our quarterback
and we had no other options really no
other options
alright so you're happy with Romo six
more year I'm happy with rowboats how
you feel about Tony Romo's contract
extension boom I love it six more years
six more years yeah six more years okay
sir so you are not a Dallas Cowboys fan
who okay what is your team the
Washington Redskins okay okay I'll say
this about Redskins like I used to feel
sorry for y'all like bottom of the
barrel like I didn't even consider you
guys contenders and I was like who are
the Redskins like I was like haha but
what I'll say is you guys stepped it up
you know and now you're at the top of
the division but it was still a close
close call yeah but the thing is Eagles
weren't close so okay I was tying two
Redskins fan I've always felt sorry for
them you know because they were at the
bottom of the barrel like they struggle
for a long time up until last season
mm-hmm
well I'm gonna start feeling sorry for
you Dallas Cowboys fans you I guess
gonna stop us you ain't gotta feel sorry
cuz we come in this thing we can say
about the Eagles you guys never want to
Super Bowl yeah are we going back to the
past now that lets me in the present
let's see the now being here's what I
think is gonna happen with us
Eagles Redskins we're gonna split Eagles
are gonna win week one you guys will win
the next series rg3 is gonna be a little
rusty office you know entering a little
cautious he needs to get his feet wet
that's where we have the advantage and
we're coming in with Chip Kelly entirely
new system they don't know how to game
plan they don't even know who our
freakin quarterback is gonna be so how
do you how do you practice and know how
to beat our team yet how are you feeling
about rg3 rg3 is amazing his knees gonna
be healthy this year and he's gonna he's
gonna break records do you think it's
gonna be a reoccurring thing though that
me no I don't I don't I think he his
body's like Adrian Peterson's came back
was about to break a record
same thing large III well here's one
little bit of fact for you a doctor had
analyzed RG threes you know kind of how
he stands in posture and the way he
walks is a little pigeon-toed and that
throws off the alignment of his body and
that's the primary reason why he got
injured and before the season started he
made that remark and said he will not
finish the season because he will be
prone to injury how do you feel about
that I mean I mean the fact is he did
finish the season and he went to a
playoff game and also we are a winning
team NFC East champions number one
Washington Rescue oh thank you also took
them 10 seasons the window NSE ystos
about can I curse say the New York damn
time rules about where are you gonna end
up in the division overall pray for us
just pray fools I don't know
alright y'all I'm here with Senor Mikey
Mikey what brings you to VidCon I am a
youtuber and I'm here causing
shenanigans we love shenanigans where
are you from I'm from Sacramento
California and now I live in Long Beach
or LA area okay so I was gonna ask you
what your favorite NFL team are you
eight
Niners nation I am NOT I am a Chargers
fan okay it's it's gonna be a good year
we've got a lot of change and brought in
a whole new staff a lot of new players
and it's going to be insane I'm really
excited okay so you know Broncos are
kind of being considered one of the
favorites this season and I'm not saying
it just because I'm a Chargers fan
the Chargers aren't far behind the
Broncos don't let it get to your head
Broncos fans we're not that far behind
you if anything we're just about equal I
don't care what anyone says
okay and in the hole Payne Manning that
that I have never been afraid of Peyton
Manning is as a person or as a team when
the Eagles win I do victory song well
they're gonna have a tough time getting
past the Niners this year how long have
you been a fan of the Niners always or
recently my whole life my whole dad's
family's from the Bay Area so I did
watch the catch although I was three
years old do you think it was a wise
decision to let Alex Smith go I think it
what it was a hard decision but I think
ultimately in the long run it was the
right decision man I feel bad for that
guy how do you feel about Colin
Kaepernick wearing a Miami Dolphins hats
you know that stung a little bit because
I had a good friend that was a Miami
Dolphins fan and I used to make fun of
Marc duper all the time but you know
he's that he's the QB he can kind of do
what he wants as long as he shows up on
Sunday for the team okay I'm gonna be
honest with you real quick about Colin
Kaepernick I think he did great things
for you this season yeah but he hasn't
he seems like a hothead to me like it's
all getting to his head all of a sudden
the body issue the Miami Dolphins like
oh fans just deal with it
I can wear what I want like you know I'm
saying it's coming from a Michael Vick
no it's about that it's true if the
reports coming at a training camp
weren't that he was that you know the
first one there and the last one out and
then I would be worried but he but he's
there like there they're rookies that
are trying to show up at like 5:00 6:00
in the morning when it's dark and they
say Colin always beats us there see but
see that's something I didn't know now
knowing that
yeah okay I could see him being a real
deal then alright well thank you so much
Eddie go enjoy your time here at VidCon
and good luck to your Niners except when
they're playing my Eagles what's your
favorite NFL team Green Bay Packers go
Pat go right well not for me because I I
I am bitter 2010 y'all stole our Super
Bowl oh yeah I know we've been there
before we're gonna go there again that's
all guys that that Vick interception why
did you guys have to do that cuz we're
boss